#summary Migration hints for updating from 0.5 to 1.0.

*Note: 1.0 is currently alpha*


When updating from version 0.5 to 1.0, the following aspects have changed and may have to be adjusted.

*Main Changes:*
  * Build against jQuery 1.4 and jQuery UI 1.8
  * New HTML markup<br>Using `<ul>/<li>` for faster expand / collapse and smoother effects
  * Support for drag'n'drop<br>Compatible with jquery.ui.draggable/.droppable but more efficient for a large number of nodes.
  * Modified css<br>ui-dynatree-document -> ui-dynatree-node<br>Class ui-dynatree-folder is now _additionally_ set (together with ui-dynatree-node)<br>rename classes 'ui-dynatree-...' -> 'dynatree-...'


*Modified functions:*
  * All  callbacks have the Dynatree instance as 'this'
  * renamed node.reload() --> reloadChildren()
  * renamed dtnode -> node in the samples  
  * Changed node.visit(fn, data, includeSelf) -> node.visit(fn, includeSelf)visit() now returns nothing.<br>If the callback function returns false, the the traversal is stopped.<br>If the callback function returns 'skip', the the traversal of the current branch is stopped.<br>(Changes apply also for tree.visit())
  * hasChildren: return 'undefined' if node is unexpanded lazy, or only contains one status node
  * tree.reload(callback) -> new callback parameter


*New functions:*
  * node.activateSilent()
  * node.isStatusNode()
  * node.isChildOf(otherNode)
  * node.isDescendantOf(otherNode)
  * node.move(targetNode, mode)
  * node.visitParents(fn, includeSelf)
  * node.sortChildren(cmp, deep)
  * New tree.disable(), .enable() (shortcut for $("#tree").dynatree("disable"))
  * node.getChildren(), getParent(), getPrevSibling(), getNextSibling()
  * node.scheduleAction()
  * tree.loadKeyPath()
  * node.reloadChildren(callback)
  * node.getKeyPath(excludeSelf)
  * node.setTitle(title)
  * node.isFirstSibling()
  * node.fromDict(dict)
  * node.isFocused() 

*Other Changes:*
  * Distinguish for lazy nodes<br>childList == null: 'never loaded'<br>childList == []: 'loaded, but node has no children'
  * 'noLink' option is available for nodes or the whole tree.
  * generateIds option to enable generation of `id` attribute (defaults to `false`)
  * Always hide root node.<br>Removed tree.rootVisible (now always hidden)<br>Removed tree.title.
  * tree.minExpandLevel must be >= 1<br>If a single visible root is wanted, one could always create one using`<ul>`Top level node expanders are not connected by vlines (requires additional expander icon).<br>If minExpandLevel>=1, also the expander icons are hidden, so the first icon column can be removed.
  * Load icon is now displayed in parent (not as sub node)
  * Added a new 'skin-vista'
  * node.appendAjax() triggers event 'nodeLoaded.dynatree.tree-id.node-key'
  * CSS ul.dynatree-container now uses `overflow: auto` by default


=== Markup has changed ===

TODO: how to adjust CSS selectors for the new markup.
{{{
    [...]
}}}	