#summary Migration hints for updating from 0.4 to 0.5.

When updating from version 0.4 to 0.5, the following aspects have changed and may have to be adjusted.

Main Changes:
  * Persistence has changed (no longer fires events)
  * Support for persistence with lazy trees
  * Added a sample web server for lazy trees (written in Python)
  * Using jQuery 1.3.2 and jQuery UI 1.7.1

New functions:
  * Callback function onPostInit(isReloading, isError)
  * tree.reactivate(setFocus)ui.core 1.7.1
  * tree.isInitializing()
  * tree.isReloading()
  * tree.isUserEvent()
  * tree.getPersistData()
  * Global: getDynaTreePersistData(cookieId, cookieOpts)
  * dtnode.getEventTargetType(event)

New options for initAjax:
  * addActiveKey
  * addFocusedKey
  * addExpandedKeyList

Other Changes:
  * The default cookie name prefix was changed from 'ui-dynatree-cookie-' to 'dynatree-'.
  * The A tag containing the title now has a class name assigned ('ui-dynatree-title')
  * `_`nodeCount starts with 1, so first auto - key is '_1'
  * tree.initMode was dropped (now tree.phase)


=== Persistence has changed ===

When initializing a tree in persist mode, we first check, if existing persistence cookies are found.<br>
In this case we assume *re*-loading, ignore the source node attributes and override them using the cookie info.

Otherwise we assume first-time initilaizing, read the status from the tree source, and store it into new cookies.

After loading, the 'active' status of a node is restored.
But *we no longer fire onActivate events*. 
(The only event that may be fired is `onFocus`.)

In order to generate these events on reload, use the new callback function `onPostInit()` and `tree.reactivate()`.

Example
{{{
    onPostInit: function(isReloading, isError) {
        // 'this' is the current tree
        // isReloading is set, if status was read from existing cookies
        // isError is only used in Ajax mode
        // Fire an onActivate() event for the currently active node
        this.reactivate();
    },
    onActivate: function(dtnode) {
        // Use status functions to find out about the calling context
        var isInitializing = dtnode.tree.isInitializing(); // Tree loading phase
        var isReloading = dtnode.tree.isReloading(); // Loading phase, and reading status from cookies
        var isUserEvent = dtnode.tree.isUserEvent(); // Event was triggered by mouse or keyboard
        
        $("#echoActive").text(dtnode.data.title);
    },
}}}	  


=== Support for persistence with lazy trees ===

The problem with restoring the status of a _lazy_ tree is, that the currently active 
or selected nodes may not be part of the tree, when it is freshly re-loaded.

The basic idea is to leave it up to the backend webservice to deliver not only the
top-level nodes, but also all nodes that are required to display the current status.

For example, it may be neccessary to render 3 parent nodes, if the active node is at level # 4.<br>
The backend may also deliver all child nodes of expanded parents.<br>
Or in selectMode 3 (hierarchical) we may want to send all nodes, that are partly selected.

initAjax (and appendAjax) have 3 new options, that allow to pass the persistence
information to the web service handler.

{{{
[...]
    initAjax: {url: "/ajaxTree",
               data: {key: key,
                      mode: mode,
                      filter: filter
                      },
               addActiveKey: true,  // add &activeKey= parameter to URL
               addFocusedKey: true, // add &focusedKey= parameter to URL
               addExpandedKeyList: true // add &expandedKeyList= parameter to URL
               },
    onPostInit: function(isReloading, isError) {
        // In lazy mode, this will be called *after* the initAjax request returned.
        // 'this' is the current tree
        // isReloading is set, if status was read from existing cookies
        // isError is set, if Ajax failed
        // Fire an onActivate() event for the currently active node
        this.reactivate();
    },
    onActivate: function(dtnode) {
        // Use status functions to find out about the calling context
        var isUserEvent = dtnode.tree.isUserEvent(); // Event was triggered by mouse or keyboard
        
        $("#echoActive").text(dtnode.data.title);
    },
           [...]
}}}	